#!/usr/bin/env python3
import skilstak.colors as c


print(c.y+ """Our characters arrive in a pickle, Tybalt has been killed by Juliets loved one Romeo. The happy and exciting story of these young
people has been grinded to a halt. With two already dead and maybe more to come help us decide where this will end and if the couple can make it out
alive.""")

print(c.y + """Juliett: See where she comes from shift with merry look. Capulet: Hey now my headstrong where have you have gadding? Juliet: Where
I have learned me to repent the sin of disobedient opposition, to you and your behests , and am enjoined by holy lawrence to fall postrate here to
beg your pardon. Pardon, I beseech you. Henceforth, I am ever ruled by you.
Capulet: Send for the county. Go tell him of this I'll have this knot knit up by tomorrow morning...
No, not till Thursday. There is time enough.
Go, nurse. Go with her. We'll to church tomorrow. -Lines 15-38, Act 4, Scene 2""")

print(c.g + """You are Capulet in this situation, in this world though you have not yet made your choice to move up the day of your daughters
wedding, you want the best for her so you want her to be happy and married as soon as possible. Your judgement is also clouded because a member
of your family was just killed by a member of your enemys family. You want to get back the order from the chaos that world had lost. Do you think
it is best for you to act quickly and move the marriage forward with the intial plans to marry on Thursday--option A-- or ask Juliet when she wants to 
get married to Paris--option B--?""")

def ask(question):
    print(c.red + question + c.reset)
    answer = input("> " + c.base3).lower().strip()
    print(c.reset)
    return answer

first = ask("""Which do you choose?""")

if first in ['A','a']:
    firstsecond = ask("""The marriage is still on Thursday, Juliett is still going to use the potion to make her self sleep for two days.
But this time she was not as careful in how she performed this because the date was not as soon. He fear did not drive her to making extra
careful choies when planning her fake death. She drank the potion in a different way than she should have and it did not go down her system
properly. Because of this she was only asleep for one day and Juliet begins to wake up inside her tomb.

You are paying your repects to her while insdie the tomb when you here rumbling from inside. A young and refreshed Juliet emerges out. You decide
either to pay attention a little closer and see if she is really your daughter--option A--, or you grab the nearby shovel used to dig the fresh
grave above into knocking the dead one away--option B--?""")
    if firstsecond in ['B','b']:
        print(c.b + """You swing the shovel violently hitting Juliet in the head killed her instantly. Romeo watches this, kills you and himself in
action of the fight. The families problems are never solved, the situation is much worse.""")
    if firstsecond in ['A','a']:
        firstthird = ask("""You wait and come to the conclusion that your daughter is alive. After much interrogation, you make her tell you
everything that happened with Romeo. You have the final choice of letting Juliet be happy at the cost of your own happiness by letting her
escape to Mantua with Romeo--option a--or keep her confined to the walls of her own room with Paris for the rest of her life--option B--?""")
        if firstthird in ['A','a']:
            print(c.r + """You chose to let Juliet be herself in a time period where the women had very little to no control over thier
lives. You have made one of the first steps into a brighter future for humanity. You have also prevented even more death from having to happen.
Your actions have sadly also made it so the two families will most likely never solve thier dispute now and be forver fighting, while you
techincally assisted a fugitive.""")
        else:
            print(c.b + """You kept your daughter in a room locked up for her entire life until she eventually killed herself in 3 years over
despair. Romeo also killed himself as planned when he found out his beloved was marrying another. The two families did not even settle their
differences at the end. You have made the situation worse than what the initial outcome was.""")

if first in ['B','b']:
    secondsecond = ask(c.b + """You ask Juliet what she wants to do. She reponds with I saying that she would like the wedding to continue on the same
path that it was before, it being on Thursday. This is so none of her plans with the Friar are interfered with. She then takes a risky move because
she trusts her father and has no reason in the past not to trust her. She explains how she does not really want to marry Paris since she is already
bethroved to Romeo. She also expresses her love for him. Do you either become enraged at Juliets actions and her force her to marry Paris anyway
--option A--or repsect her choice to marry Romeo by settling your differences with the Montagues--option B--?""")
    if secondsecond in ['A','a']:
        print(c.r + """You force Juliet to marry Paris, the same actions and events that occured in the original verison have occured once more. You did
nothing to make the situation any better, this is because you were blinded by your pride and mindset that since you are the lord of the house
your choices are always the best ones.""")
    else:
        print(c.b + """You settle your differeces between the Montagues with Romeo and Juliets marriage. You combine your wealth and the familys
become one of the most wealthy houses in Italy based on the people affections towards the new united house. No more deaths occur and you all live
on for another six years happily, until the black plaque eventally comes and wipes out your entire town anyway.""")
    
    #if firstsecond in ['B','b']:
        #print(c.b + """You use the shovel to blindly swing around hiting against something in the motion. It was your daughters head. She was killed
#with one blow, now on the floor toppled over. Romeo now enters the tomb with blinding rage as he witnessed you kill his beloved. You each strike
#each other with your weapons until both of you are slain. There is now more death than originally and it is more likely for death to come again
#now since their is even more hate from the families. The situation is worse now because of your actions.""")
    
    #if firstsecond in ['A','a']:
        #firstthird = ask("""You wait and to come to the conlcusion that your daughter is alive. After much interrogation, you make her tell you
#everything that has happened with Romeo. You have the final choice of letting Juliet be happy at the cost of your own happiness by letting her
#escape to Mantua with Romeo--option A--or keep her confined to the walls of her own Room with Paris for the rest of her life--option B--?""")
        #if firstthird in ['A','a']:
            #firstconclusion = ask("""You chose to let Juliet be herself in a time period where the women had little to no control over their
#lives. You have made one of the first steps into a brighter future for humanity. You have also prevented even more death for now. Your actions also
#made it so the two familys are still enemys with each other and you have by law harbored a fugitive.""")
        #else:
            #print(c.b + """You kept your daughter in a room locked up for her entire life until she eventually killed herself in 3 years over despair.
#Romeo also killed himself as planned when he found out his beloved was marrying another. The two familys did not even settle thier differences at
#the end. The situation is now worse that what the initial outcome was.""")
